In this video we are going to cover what is actually five second test and how we are going to conduct
it and what are the questions we are going to ask our users during the after this test.
So why actually we do it.
We have to test what is the initial impact of our website on or our app on our users.
What are their perceptions about our product.
How actually they are going to perceive it and whether it's just worthy or valuable or not human mind
actually takes three to five seconds to make up their mind about a product whether it's bad or cool
or is it cheap or valuable things like that.
So we are going to take three to five users and we are going to show them our product or our website
or app for five seconds and then we are going to hide it and then we are going to ask a few questions
about our product.
So this is how actually we conduct five second test.
Now let's talk about the questions you are going to ask them after you showed them your website or product
for the first five seconds.
What is this product or website about.
So this is the first question.
What do you think this is.
Second is what do you think you can do with it.
Why are you here and tied is what are your emotional feelings about it.
Was it fun wasn't serious was it professional and things like that then we have trust trust ability
test how trustworthy this website or this app looks to you.
This is very important second as we are going to see how much they remembered about our product whether
they saw it for the first five second whether it is memorable or not.
So we are going to ask them.
Can you tell me the name off of the product you see.
And a few more questions like How would you describe this to your friend or your user about this blog
if you want to tell that you have seen this website or product.
What would you say.
How would you explain it to us and a few more things you can ask.
Is that what are the first steps you are going to take of what is the first step you are going to take
on this Web site so these are all the questions you can ask.
I'm going to give you a download downloadable resource to download all these questions seminar rate
questions and you can start from there.
Now why do we do our five second test and what our different facts about it.
Now here is the thing.
If you or if your user is using your web site and for the first few seconds they are unable to tell
what is the message of your Web site or what it actually does.
You are going to lose your business.
They are going to go to a computer.
So this is actually very you can see essential for you to test most startups and Kickstarter projects
and I have seen a lot of apps and things like that Web sites landing pages that suffer from this.
They have a very attractive message like solve your pain and that is all.
And then the product.
So I don't I have a lot of behinds which being actually to solving whether it's my muscle pain or any.
You can see a psychological pain or whatever actually.
And so this is very confusing you have to be clear about your message.
Let me show you a few examples one for the bad one which is five second test fail and one is a great
website that shows their message clearly.
So here is an example of a failed five second test and you can see you ahead.
This is submitted by my student digital con fee from my course to it's designed for beginners too expensive
both concept and models.
Now you can see you here.
We have a form of it here on this page.
We kid one hour of our recruitment Ambassador we contact you shortly and the user is confused about
why and what is happening on this page and why should I give my personal email and name and phone number
to overhear.
So this is but actually my student wrote that I don't don't don't know why should I submit my personal
data.
There is no tag line there is no clear message that why should I use this product or why should I give
my subscribe or give my e-mail address or a.
So this is an example of a failed five second test we do not know what the product is we do not know
what is their message what actually I can do or here.
Now here is an example of a great message or five second test which is going to be this crafted Web
site.
You can see you will hear within few four three seconds I can guess that this is a digital marketing
agency and this is a professional company.
We have all blew over here and in the first five seconds you can always ask me what actually you saw
I.
I would say the product name was crafted or foam name was crafted and they are a digital marketing agency.
So this is a great example of a successful five second test.
This website is going to pass it with great colors.
I will give it five stars.
So this is how actually you do it.
You have to have a clear message a clear tagline a clear memorable product name or service you are offering.
So that is all about five second test if you have any questions to ask me.
Let's move on to the next lesson.